The latest issue of Pharma Focus Asia is out now! Pharma Focus Asia magazine features articles about the latest pharmaceutical industry technologies and developments. Our magazine is covering manufacturing, clinical trials, research and development, strategy, Information technology and more!

Latest Issue released based on MODELLING SUCCESS- What is a business model and how can you build one? In our magazine, we cover all the below topics.

· Foreword

· Strategy

· Research & Development

· Clinical Trials

· Manufacturing

· Information Technology

· Advertorials



FOREWORD

Transformation through Digital Innovation

The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated change like never before and digital transformation is reshaping business models across industries including pharmaceuticals. Adaptability to changing market conditions has pushed companies to evaluate and renew their business models around sustainability.

STRATEGY

Modelling Success

What is a business model, and how can you build one?

In recent years, the term ‘Business Model’ has come to dominate board-room conversations. Whether firms want to adapt their existing business model or create an entirely new one, the term has become ubiquitous amongst pharma business leaders. But what is a business model? How does it differ from strategy, structure or revenue model?

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

Nanotechnologies for Intranasal Drug Delivery

Over the last two decades, science has made enormous progress in nanotechnology and in the applications in various medical fields opening the route for efficient gene therapy, personalised medicine and other innovative therapeutic strategies.

Vaccinated Young Adult Sera

A Cost-effective approach for protection and treatment of COVID-19

COVID-19 is a worldwide pandemic caused by SARSCoV-2, a highly contagious respiratory virus. As of the end of August 2021 more than 200 million cases have been recorded and led to more than 4 million deaths.

Nanotechnology-based Drug Delivery

Potential, progress and the way forward…

Nanotechnology offers an innovative platform for the development of multivalent therapeutic systems with advanced pharmaceutical properties. Nano-particulate drug delivery systems have gained a lot of attention due to their characteristic features such as sustained drug release, targeting capability along with reduced toxicity profiles.

The Promising Future of Stem Cell-Based Therapy for Kidney Diseases

Kidney disease is a prevalent global health problem. According to the World Health Organization as many as five to ten million people die annually from kidney diseases worldwide. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is projected to be the fifth leading cause of death worldwide by 2040.

Liposomes In The Creation Of A Covid-19 Vaccine

Messenger RNA (mRNA) is a versatile and safe platform for the expression of proteins. Unlike DNA, mRNA is not integrated into the host genome and its translation machinery resides in the cytosol.

Dissemination of SARS-CoV-2 and the Pathogenesis of COVID-19

Something wicked this way comes

An inverse relationship between aerosolisation of mould spores and incidence of seasonal influenzalike illnesses (ILI) including COVID-19 has been demonstrated in Chicago.

CLINICAL TRIALS

Design and Analysis of Cancer Clinical Trials for Personalised Medicine

Personalised medicine for cancer is a treatment module tailored to individual patients based on various factors including biomarkers. Different types of biomarkers are measured from the tumour blood or urine using molecular biochemical physiological anatomical or imaging method before treatment or during the course of treatment.

MANUFACTURING

Biologics to Open New Revenue Streams for Indian Pharma

A leader in generic drugs production, India has emerged as a generic hub in recent years. Now, biotech-based drug development and production is also taking rooting in India.

The Link between Plant Performance & Maturity

Seeing the whole picture

Pharmaceutical plants are increasingly concerned with improving their respective maturity. The numerous initiatives are labelled with terms like ‘lean maturity assessment and improvement’, ‘Quality Management Maturity Improvement’, etc. What is less clear, though is if this will have a visible impact on the performance.


INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY

Healthcare And Pharma Need To Build Immunity Against Cyber Threats

The healthcare and pharmaceutical industry has a complex and challenging cyber threat landscape. The current burden of the pandemic is further causing a priority shift away from security and towards usability and along with that comes multifarious danger. From sale of healthcare data in underground forums to ransomware, the industry needs to urgently improve their risk profile and security posture.

How Risk-based Approaches to Computer System Validation Support Cost-Effective Compliance and Improved Patient Safety

At the heart of almost all life science and pharmaceutical industry operations are digital information and document handling systems. From the earliest clinical phases to the last post-approval study, the data and technical documentation these systems manage are essential to the safe, effective creation of medicines and therapeutics for all patients.

ADVERTORIALS

Catering to an Expanding Parenteral Drug Market

How drug manufacturers can adapt packaging for injectables to meet evolving patient needs

Pre-pandemic trends can feel like a distant memory but prior to the onset of the Corona virus, demand for parenteral drugs was already on the rise. In 2018 alone there were nearly 500 parenteral drugs in the pipeline.

Quaternary ammonium compounds (Quats) against Viruses

Quaternary ammonium compounds (Quats) such as Benzalkonium Chloride are wellknown membrane-active agents interacting with the cytoplasmic membrane of bacteria and the plasma membrane of yeast.


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

To get the latest magazine, enter your details @ https://www.pharmafocusasia.com/magazine-subscription

 

To advertise in Pharma Focus Asia magazine visit: https://www.pharmafocusasia.com/advertise

 

To submit your events and exhibition or to get the upcoming event details visit us @ https://www.pharmafocusasia.com/events

 

To get pharma industry update directly to your email, Subsrcibe at https://www.pharmafocusasia.com/e-newsletter-subscribe

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

